The opportunity has come to us to one more year to consider the
first introduction to generate positive reflect of the Har Monkey Crest.
Most voices of J cafe,
or Japanese is the main main part like that.
Currently,
we are working together
to achieve the success
of the centerez
without delaying
the neither
the doesn't
but the
simple
ambition
to Anschou
It is a chance to make a comeback.
However,
I think that
you should not think
that you have already become accustomed to
me
by just saying
that you have set a high record
in the competition.
In fact,
we have been able to
make a comeback
through the training of
our members.
We have won
and we are proud of it.
We have lost
and we are frustrated.
We have to make
the progress
of the competition
even more
and we have to
aim for the
best
and the best
in the competition.
We have to set
the goal
of the competition.
We have to do it.
However,
this problem
is not only
about the physical training
but also about
the physical training
and the physical training.
We have to
make the progress
of the competition
through the training
of our members.
We have to make the progress
of the competition
through the training
of the members.
We have to make the progress
of the competition.
The ideal of the competition
is to make it
a reality
and to believe in it.
Next,
we want you to
continue to
keep the
energy
and the spirit
of the competition
alive.
Thank you.